Dawn Abriel: It is April 16 2020
Dawn Abriel: This will be a readmission for Nicole bacon.
Dawn Abriel: Birthday 1228 1987
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. I'm not going to stay here long, Nicole. This is Dr embryos shining moment on schedule in Mbps will will it'll be an abridged one because I already have a lot of your info.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing today. What's it. Okay, how about I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Buddy Buddy month wait what's going to be her group you're going to go back to Monday at one. Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: How about we meet Wednesday, April 22 at
Nicole Bacon: 110 110 okay
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: And
Nicole Bacon: I signed up for my dad to help me. So he's right here. I don't know if that's okay. He's been telling me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The reason the reason that's okay, it's because you're writing here and and and who are you introducing
Nicole Bacon: This is my father Jeffrey
Gwenevere Abriel: Jeffrey
Nicole Bacon: Hello. Hey,
Dawn Abriel: I'm Ben. This works because it's just you as the patient, Nicole. If there's ever any other patients present then
Dawn Abriel: It can't be allowed.
Nicole Bacon: Right, right. That's what I thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your last
Gwenevere Abriel: Name Jeffrey
Bacon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't
Nicole Bacon: Get the plugin she she had to go get her charger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Nicole Bacon: Hi, I'm the reason I'm here is I sent a email to Dr. Brill encompassed some questions I had because you know course doctor patient privileged Nicole really didn't tell us a whole lot. Sometimes
Nicole Bacon: But basically we got to understand that.
Nicole Bacon: I believe the medication.
Nicole Bacon: That she needed. She wasn't getting or grant out
Nicole Bacon: And I'm not sure what she was prescribed for. But if you look at the email.
Nicole Bacon: That I sent it has all the questions that I wanted to, to ask. I, I have the questions here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me start with, can you give me your phone number, Mr bacon.
Nicole Bacon: It's area code 505501904 to
Nicole Bacon: Address.
Nicole Bacon: I'm looking to love our neighbors do San Marcos Santa Fe, New Mexico 87507
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. I'm looking at the release of information. Now this release to you, Jeffrey so
Gwenevere Abriel: We're good there. And so I'm the releases are typically for the purpose of improving assessment for treatment planning for sharing information relevant to treatment when appropriate. Dr. Have you had a chance to look at the message that came from Mr bacon.
Dawn Abriel: I did. I looked at it and the
Dawn Abriel: The issue that came up for me was
Dawn Abriel: Nicole at no point during the many times that we met in my asking you is this medicine last 24 hours, is this working. Did you ever say anything except yes this is an appropriate dose so
Nicole Bacon: Okay, with that I'm
Nicole Bacon: Uh, I think it was just frustration that um I was on this specific medication before in Portland, Oregon. I had been on it for over a year. We down almost all the way down.
Nicole Bacon: But over the months of trying to figure out if I could get it here. It just seemed like they don't send it to the southwest region for some reason.
Nicole Bacon: And I think that's been my issue with staying
Nicole Bacon: Clean on them is that I still feel sick on them and the the intake.
Nicole Bacon: Procedures.
Dawn Abriel: Let me just be clear. Sorry to stop you, but I really need a very specific information. You're telling me.
Nicole Bacon: That
Dawn Abriel: The medicine that was available. You were on a generic
Dawn Abriel: buprenorphine only so the active ingredient, no matter where and what company. The active ingredient is exactly the same. Some of the carrier products that are put in different generics. They're altered, but they don't have the as
Dawn Abriel: They're in active. That's why they're called the inactive ingredients. So when I would ask you is your medicine lasting you 24 hours.
Dawn Abriel: Is this the part where you were hoping it would be. But you weren't telling me that it was okay. So really, the problem is not about the preparation. The problem is, do we have you add a dosage that gets your blood level up high enough so you get 24 hour coverage.
Dawn Abriel: Right. And that is such a simple remedy. We just very slowly and small amounts get you up till you are, where you need to be
Nicole Bacon: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And it has nothing to do with the preparation.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, that's what I thought it was was happening.
Nicole Bacon: As it seemed like
Nicole Bacon: Before I was able to take this certain dose, but this certain pill and it carried me but
Nicole Bacon: It just seemed like I felt worse, taking the subs and just being sick.
Dawn Abriel: Um, yeah, I am too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And lost it. So,
Nicole Bacon: State, the way I believe Nicole is telling me you're just not coming through.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, she has told me. Just recently, the medication that she had been receiving made her sicker.
Nicole Bacon: Once she took it. She felt really bad. So therefore, she would not really want to take it and she would stop taking her medication and go seek
Nicole Bacon: What she shouldn't get so the the gist of it is that she believes that the medication that she was getting the buprenorphine maybe was not the right type of beef in our friend the buprenorphine hydrochloric that I had in the
Nicole Bacon: Email
Nicole Bacon: Is the one that she said did work without bad side effects and all the other you win or friends and specifically the subliminal. I mean, this is the strips.
Nicole Bacon: Would make her feel sicker and instead of taking him, she would go out
Nicole Bacon: And go get something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Under. Okay, I want to say something. I know you want to talk, talk, but I've got to go. I think Dr every hour, I would like to talk to you more in depth as we move forward. I think this takes some really focused treatment planning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this is a complex issue.
Yes.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, and my just and I can leave now. But my Jeff says
Nicole Bacon: What I everything that I wrote down in the email, we need a prescription for what will work for her what she had does not work. She said it makes her more sick than than not taking a prescription pill and
Nicole Bacon: She believed that the pills that she was able to get in Portland worked for her very well and what they have here does not work, and any guidance on my specific questions on the email of where we can get the correct fills and what kind you have been able to
Nicole Bacon: Prescribe to a person like this.
Nicole Bacon: So that way I can follow through and find where I can get
Nicole Bacon: The right prescription medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mr bacon. I have to go. It was a pleasure to
Nicole Bacon: Meet you
Nicole Bacon: I do think you
Gwenevere Abriel: Always want people to be involved in their families recovery. I am a family therapist, and I welcome you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want to register at that with Nicole as well. I want to touch base with her, but I want to send out the invitation that I would love to have a family therapy, maybe once a month, Nicole and Mr bacon would you be amenable to that.
Nicole Bacon: Of course, yes.
Nicole Bacon: It would be because
Nicole Bacon: What she tells me is like pulling teeth to get information and what I heard her telling you now is not what the way she described to me.
Nicole Bacon: So if you might know she would just like to have a better medication and I will do my best to find where we can get it. Once we have a prescription for her yes and
Gwenevere Abriel: If medication if pill taught skills by then we would just be doing the pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a therapeutic aspect to this that's relevant to those addictive behaviors that sort of gets in and it gets sort of complicated after that. And I want to continue that discussion in a really meaningful way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we could set something up. I have your number. Is that a good cell number to reach you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, something up sort of collectively, but first I want to touch base with her and I have that scheduled. And that's going to be
Nicole Bacon: I'm see a
Gwenevere Abriel: Second 1:10pm great heart health virtual clinic is the wait time is extremely long, so please set your alarm for at least 12:45pm in order to make that appointment at 110
Gwenevere Abriel: There are technical difficulties because the entire planet is using zoom. So please understand and accommodate for that. Think of it like traffic on a freeway or having
Gwenevere Abriel: Gas money for your car have gaps in your car, and that you accommodate for that traffic you lived in California, so you know exactly what I'm talking
About
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, she was such a pleasure to to meet you, Dad, I do have to run into a client waiting my other room looking forward to really collaborating this to be the first time we're doing this with an even larger team effort. I'm optimistic and welcome back.
Nicole Bacon: Thank you very much.
Nicole Bacon: And again,
Dawn Abriel: Hey, before you go before you go, Mr bacon. Why don't you
Dawn Abriel: Listen to
Dawn Abriel: My questions for further clarification.
Dawn Abriel: Let me just tell you a a explanation for what happened to you, Nicole and you can
Dawn Abriel: Tell me if that was occurring or not. Because the only thing that makes sense to me is that you had some short acting opioid attached to your opioid receptors, when you took the buprenorphine it not those off and put you into partial withdrawal.
Nicole Bacon: So, um, okay. Bottom line, this is okay. I remember getting these texts in Portland, that I would take them and I feel great right away and then that wasn't the case. No wonder, no matter what dose, like I would start to feel, you know, start with the the right
Nicole Bacon: Procedure to take them. But then the ones I've been getting through this program.
Nicole Bacon: It seems to no matter how long away, even if I wait 24 hours even longer. I still take them and it feels like yeah I'm not all the way precipitated withdraw, but I'm
Nicole Bacon: Just sicker for hours and then I take more I feel worse taking more stuff I take, I feel worse. And I actually
Nicole Bacon: Found a couple of those same subjects on the black market. Just a couple of weeks ago and I i tried them and they didn't have any side effects and I wasn't able to get no matter what.
Nicole Bacon: Of jokes like I started
Dawn Abriel: With the ones you got off.
Dawn Abriel: The ones you've got off the street where the same as the ones that you got in Portland.
Nicole Bacon: No. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so here's the thing. I have 00 control over what a pharmacy stocks, right.
Dawn Abriel: Right zero
Dawn Abriel: Right, none.
Dawn Abriel: I have no control under so I don't know what you're going to do about
Dawn Abriel: I can write for a medicine and the different regions contract with different companies to supply them with a particular brand and they're, you know, they're at right now. The last time I checked, there were seven generic brands for buprenorphine and
Dawn Abriel: You know, again, their carrier products are different, but the active ingredient is the same. So I can't account for the physiology for you. That would make
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Dawn Abriel: But I believe it. I am here to tell you, I believe that
Dawn Abriel: Your lived experience is accurate and I in no way want to discount
Dawn Abriel: I just have
Dawn Abriel: No power.
Nicole Bacon: Right to
Dawn Abriel: Do anything
Nicole Bacon: Because I've, I've called tons of
Nicole Bacon: The pharmacies to try to get the right one. And I just don't think they supply the right one here. So the thing is is maybe if you could
Nicole Bacon: Write the prescription for the one that's closest to it. The, the one that I used to get and hopefully we can get the one that's closest to it. If it's available, you know,
Nicole Bacon: And that's something that me and my dad are working with the
Nicole Bacon: Pharmacies trying to find, you know. So if it's sent to CVS and they don't have it like we can talk to CVS and go from there.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I will, I will cut and paste the name of that and put it in the prescription and see how far that takes you. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: That sounds great.
Nicole Bacon: All right, thank you. Question. Another prescription, even though for a restricted medication like this, you need to have electronic prescription. Can you write it out. Also, in case we have to shop it around.
Dawn Abriel: Absolutely, positively not
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Can't do it. It's just not possible.
Nicole Bacon: Okay okay yeah I it's changed. I guess it's just different. I my private doctor in Portland, he would give me the, the actual it's just different programs and different doctors work different
Dawn Abriel: Um, for one thing, in New Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: They're, they're changing over and all the states are going to do this now slowly, they're all doing this the electronic prescribing is so much safer people can't alter the prescription. They can't accidentally lose it. They can't. It can't be manipulated.
Dawn Abriel: So it's just so much safer for everyone. And what what can be done is, if you don't, if that electronic
Dawn Abriel: Prescription doesn't go through, you can ask me or you can go to the virtual clinic and say, I just found out that this pharmacy will order this particular
Dawn Abriel: Brand and would you make that my default make that my primary pharmacy and then you can text me or get ahold of me and say, would you please reorder it to this other pharmacy and I'll cancel the first prescription and then reorder it
Dawn Abriel: Okay, it's a hassle for me. I'm willing to do it a couple of times until you can get settled to a pharmacy and a preparation that works for you.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, that sounds fantastic. Okay. Sorry to interrupt. Another question I had to my email was, Have you prescribed something like this to anyone else in New Mexico and or do you know
Nicole Bacon: Of a pharmacy that would be good to try for. And if nothing else, I thought a nationwide pharmacy. If we had to do some more shopping
Dawn Abriel: Well, CVS Walgreens. They're all nationwide. If there's no. It has nothing to do with
Dawn Abriel: With the nationwide aspect, it's
Dawn Abriel: They, they bid the pharmacies bid the different companies, companies say we've got a deal on buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: And so then they end up with that particular generic for a few months. It's a real pain in the, you know what, for me, because not all the generics are equal equally potent. So then I have to readjust my whole patient load to to that generic and so I have gotten into the habit of
Dawn Abriel: I have a little F key that I say, you know, keep the generic the same and I make them order because I know they can do it. They can order that same because they've already been doing it and and I haven't gotten a lot of pushback, and they've been able
Nicole Bacon: You know, another question. Doctor, I know you're talking about generics are there, the actual non generic. You can order from hydrochloric
Dawn Abriel: Not in the two milligram tablet, I believe, let me
Dawn Abriel: Let me just me.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Let me, let me check. Oh.
Dawn Abriel: I just
Dawn Abriel: Got out of that program.
Dawn Abriel: So if we were to go that route. I gotta tell you, then there's a whole nother hassle because the insurance company will say we need a prior authorization to justify why you want
Dawn Abriel: The generic normal rather than
Dawn Abriel: Brand name.
Nicole Bacon: And rehearse the brand name residential generic. Well, there's the chance to that. I'll say it this way, I'd rather spend money on prescription medication, than have money go to the black market.
Dawn Abriel: Absolutely.
Nicole Bacon: So if we have to pay for medication of our own pocket if I find the the
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, sorry.
Dawn Abriel: There's no Suboxone the brand name.
Dawn Abriel: Hill tablet.
Nicole Bacon: So yeah, not really looking at the sub you Tex.
Nicole Bacon: Eight milligram. I'm the I have the MDC right here.
Nicole Bacon: And the company that makes it
Dawn Abriel: I'm not finding
Dawn Abriel: Let me see if I can find it this way.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: I can't get ahold of them yet. That's their number, but they're the ones who make
Nicole Bacon: They're the ones who make just one of the CVS might or might not Carrie Carrie here in Santa Fe.
Dawn Abriel: Texas text is just the buprenorphine alone.
Dawn Abriel: Right and
Dawn Abriel: Right now there are multiple companies who
Dawn Abriel: Yeah i don't i i don't know which company has the rights to the name sub you tax.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, right.
Nicole Bacon: I believe we did some research that said subby Tex like that is no longer
Nicole Bacon: Available in the US. They have all generics. They're different names.
Nicole Bacon: But, but what
Nicole Bacon: Is
Nicole Bacon: I believe, Nicole told me that you gave her what you believe, was the closest to what she could use the one that she was looking at before.
Nicole Bacon: It's made by at the farm and they're in Europe and we put the NBC number and I wasn't able to find that one but I found a similar one that CBS on their national website.
Nicole Bacon: Says that they might carry their little the pharmacist was a little confusing to me. She more or less stated that they would carry it. If someone else had already ordered it before or been prescribed it through four and then they could order it. If a new prescription came in.
Dawn Abriel: That makes sense. I saw her.
Nicole Bacon: I know as frustrating. So if you on the email on the prescription, whatever you write it for
Nicole Bacon: If nothing else, I'll try to get placed with that pharmacy or the nationwide part of the pharmacy.
Nicole Bacon: And if it doesn't work will continue but also I found there's a pharmaceutical supply company that supplies pharmacies only and it states that it has the buprenorphine Hydra chloride.
Nicole Bacon: I, you know, it's only for pharmacies to buy, not for individuals. So I know we can try to find the right thing. We just need a prescription, I believe, and move forward and in my doctor, it might be easier if I just go to the eight milligrams
Nicole Bacon: But I think it'd be easier. Maybe to find what because that's what I was taking the eight milligram. And I would just cut it up.
Dawn Abriel: Right, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So, but your dose was for right
Nicole Bacon: Right. But I, that wasn't working for me.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Nicole Bacon: I still felt
Dawn Abriel: And and about how so so so it wasn't like I just still find this very confusing that you would that it would precipitate withdrawal.
Dawn Abriel: Were you doing fentanyl
Dawn Abriel: No, no.
Nicole Bacon: And I would wait. I've tried it so many times and I would wait
Nicole Bacon: 24 hours sometimes 3032 hours. I'm still the same reaction.
Nicole Bacon: Um, so
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, if we could have write the prescription for the NBC. It's in the email or I could give it to you here, and then we can work on
Nicole Bacon: Our prior to calling the pharma season and you cannot figure out what the doctor doesn't normally write it with the MTC code. Oh, say,
Nicole Bacon: I want Drug A oh and and the pharmacy would either fill it, or say, oh, we can be generics and you have to decide to fill up with the agenda. I don't think they even making the 70 tax rate the brand name that brand name of somebody Texas not allowed anymore. Right.
Dawn Abriel: Right, I, I knew I couldn't find that but i can i can put as much information as possible in my pharmacy notes that they can read and they can either scratch their head and go talk to a supervisor or
Dawn Abriel: And and you I would recommend that you call as soon as you know that they've gotten the script in and start discussing with them what the alternatives are
Dawn Abriel: Okay. For procuring it
Nicole Bacon: Yes, that sounds good. Okay, I'm still listening, but I'm turning my head to look at the computer.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, well then let's go through the part that I need to get you re enrolled.
Dawn Abriel: And it is I'm a little concerned about. Is there anything you would tell me that you don't want your father to hear because
Nicole Bacon: I'll just go
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Thank you, Doctor, and once she gets a prescription. I'll work on getting it. Phil, how are you
Dawn Abriel: Nice meeting you.
Dawn Abriel: So it looked like.
Dawn Abriel: You had a really tough time getting getting established into the program.
Dawn Abriel: What was it that was in the way of you're telling me what was truly going on for you because this program won't work unless you know how to say, I don't understand, Doc. Please help me get through this. If you don't believe that I mind your side. This just won't work.
Nicole Bacon: Right, right. So as far as
Nicole Bacon: procuring the medication that was able to stay sober on from my private doctor information that we're talking about this in the email.
Nicole Bacon: I tried for about two months called all the pharmacies in Santa Fe called all the pharmacies in Albuquerque talk to everyone. I could possibly talk to and I wasn't able to get it and so
Nicole Bacon: You know,
Dawn Abriel: Nicole, Nicole. You didn't talk to me.
Nicole Bacon: Right, right.
Nicole Bacon: Why not because I knew that I couldn't get that medication. And so I'm like, well, this medication needs to work for me. And I kept trying and it didn't. And I just said.
Dawn Abriel: Hoping, I understand. Do you understand that that didn't work and it cannot work in the future.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, if you don't believe that. I will do what I can. Try to facilitate it might be limited, but to keep that from me, that was it only hurt you didn't hurt me.
Dawn Abriel: Write it hurt you.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, is frustrated but I I'm thankful that you said that
Nicole Bacon: Yet not all of them are made the same. I can feel it physically in my body. You know, like when I take one pill. Like, I feel great and it works for me. And I take this other one I still feel sick. And no matter how much I take or not take it and it's it
Dawn Abriel: Right. So I hear that and I would have heard it. Two months ago.
But
Nicole Bacon: So shut down because I was frustrated
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. And this is part of an addicts way of thinking.
Dawn Abriel: And this is why talking to go into your is
Dawn Abriel: It. There's just no substitute, there's no number of pills, you can take that will help you rewire your brain so that you learn to see reality differently. You need the medicine so that you feel okay enough to be able to be in therapy. That's what this is all about. Right.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So since you've been away it what what drugs. If you've been using
Nicole Bacon: heroin and meth mostly heroin.
Dawn Abriel: And so your last
Dawn Abriel: Opioid Use was what and when
Nicole Bacon: Last night around 6pm
Dawn Abriel: And it was what
Heroin
Dawn Abriel: And how much 2021
Nicole Bacon: So,
Dawn Abriel: $20 worth
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I'm not sure what that is. I think it's a
Nicole Bacon: half gram. It's a plane to have a gram
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I think it's point two five.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: It's hard to get. Point two.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, have a
Dawn Abriel: Quarter of a gram makes more sense.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And so about how much total per day. Have you been doing
Nicole Bacon: Um, I haven't passed.
Nicole Bacon: A half them every day.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so that's why you really ought to be able to get away with.
Dawn Abriel: You know, six to eight four to six somewhere in there of buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: But again, we'll, we'll just have to see.
Dawn Abriel: And was it smoking it IV. How are you using it.
Nicole Bacon: IV.
Dawn Abriel: Right. And right now, you don't have any abscesses, or none of your veins are infected. You don't have any shortness of breath or chest pain.
Dawn Abriel: No.
Dawn Abriel: No problems. Okay. And you're not right now. Have you had overdoses.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, three of them.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But no medical complications, you haven't had the infection around your heart that many people get from IV drug use.
Nicole Bacon: No, no. Luckily, and
Dawn Abriel: And no legal problems.
Nicole Bacon: I am I have a
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I did get last summer. So I have probation and men.
Dawn Abriel: Wow, this is so risky.
Dawn Abriel: To be on probation and I know
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Remind me how old you were when you first started using any illicit drug
Nicole Bacon: Any jokes same
Nicole Bacon: With Molly.
Nicole Bacon: Heroin, it was when I was 20
Dawn Abriel: And tell me what it was like the very first time you used opioid
Nicole Bacon: I thought it was my answer to all my pain.
Nicole Bacon: My psychic pain, my physical pain. My scoliosis pain.
Nicole Bacon: When I talk to when I
Nicole Bacon: I say this thing a lot that I'm probably the most sensitive person that you will meet because I feel other people's pain and I didn't have to fill that gap but now it's just for over two years I've been wanting to be clean and it's just a
Nicole Bacon: Something to fill. Okay. Like, it's not enjoyable.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Nicole Bacon: That's it, you're
Dawn Abriel: Right now you're so physically dependent, but the drug in the meanwhile has changed your brain.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. So now you have a brain disease.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, and I know I don't make good decisions.
Dawn Abriel: So I assume the past medical history has not changed. I have here, anxiety, depression dermatitis dyslexia endometriosis OCD and scoliosis.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and the only surgery was wisdom paint with wisdom teeth and nothing's changed in your family history. Correct. And let's see those social
Dawn Abriel: Me just open this up and see
Dawn Abriel: If
Dawn Abriel: You're living with your family.
Nicole Bacon: Back with my parents in New Mexico in Santa Fe. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Go ahead and change that.
Dawn Abriel: Oh,
Dawn Abriel: So let's do the review of systems.
Dawn Abriel: Right now you're not in withdrawal because you're you have heroin and
Dawn Abriel: You know,
Dawn Abriel: This
Dawn Abriel: fever, chills, night sweats cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision.
Dawn Abriel: difficulty hearing, hearing loss ringing in your ears. Your drainage bloody nose chronic congestion. So lips or mouse or tongue.
Dawn Abriel: Neck lumps stiffness neck pain, shortness of breath, difficulty breathing or a new cough chest pain, irregular heart rate, not being able to breathe lying down swelling in your ankles varicose veins, constipation, diarrhea, you have constipation from the appearance
Nicole Bacon: Of a yeah
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain, blood in your urine painful urination penalized team to little change in here, skin or nail texture.
Nicole Bacon: Right in and I
Nicole Bacon: Thought it was more jellybeans and my dermatologist said it was on my head.
Dawn Abriel: My javelins is
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, but
Nicole Bacon: It's an actual something in my skin.
Nicole Bacon: But
Nicole Bacon: I put
Nicole Bacon: New skin in it. It's taking it off.
Dawn Abriel: Well, the math doesn't help. Of course.
Dawn Abriel: We know that
Does
Dawn Abriel: A muscle pain back pain, Kendra points muscle cramps limp headaches vertigo lightheadedness, thanking them this tingling tremor lack of coordination weakness difficulty speaking
Nicole Bacon: Mostly just you know the the withdrawal symptoms when I am going to a job, but it's I wake up with real bad stomach aches and I've cut down on made cigarette intake and cut down on sugar. So that's helping
Nicole Bacon: But
Dawn Abriel: It's huge, huge, huge
That
Dawn Abriel: You know, we have about 66,000 people a year die from opioid overdose in this country.
Dawn Abriel: We have 440 6000 die from tobacco use every year.
Nicole Bacon: Now,
Dawn Abriel: So many more so many, many more. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: But we just are just very casual. Oh, you should quit smoking.
Dawn Abriel: No, you should quit smoking.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it was getting real bad. Like I was going through a pack in three days, and now it's down to four a day so
Dawn Abriel: Good and getting you know when you're stable on the buprenorphine. It really helps it helps take away the tobacco craving. And if you need patches. If you need
Dawn Abriel: You know there. If you go to the CDC on smoking cessation, they've got all this support material. They've got groups, you can, you know, go online to they give you free patches, they
Nicole Bacon: Think I want
Nicole Bacon: To purchase it. See if CDC.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, the Center for Disease Control smoking cessation, they will send you out and so will the state of New Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, the health department will send you
Dawn Abriel: Patches.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, cuz I had some of the gum. I don't know where it's at.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: What I recommend is that you get it all get the patches. The gum. The nasal spray you get it all in. You see what works for you.
Dawn Abriel: You make sure
Dawn Abriel: That you have
Dawn Abriel: Something to chew on.
Dawn Abriel: A chopstick a toothpick a step.
Nicole Bacon: To face.
Dawn Abriel: There you go. You can have those on hand and you
Dawn Abriel: Remember, if you can go 90 seconds. And I'm sure you've already experienced that if you're already down to four cigarettes. If you can say, okay, I might do it in 90 seconds.
Dawn Abriel: I might have a cigarette. We'll see. But I'm going to do 90 seconds and you go, you know, get on your phone and do a game or something right then then many minutes have passed so
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that that is just so important.
Yes.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, it feels good, actually. My, my, I asked my dad to keep the pack. And I just asked her for a day and it's been helping because like, I'm not gonna wake them up and be like, I need a cigarette. I can go to bed.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, so
Dawn Abriel: So, so start. So now start asking for only three
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And then two and then one
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and then say
Dawn Abriel: And then have them script you have them say
Dawn Abriel: Well, should we look up a poem together.
Dawn Abriel: Or shall we go, you know. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: See if the grounds warm enough to, you know, plant something. I mean, whatever it takes.
Dawn Abriel: Right to support you. Yeah, I'm sure they will
Dawn Abriel: None of them smoke. Right. No.
Dawn Abriel: No, that's, that's really helpful. All right. Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: They I mean they drink every once in a blue moon like that. Yeah, pretty clean. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Um, and I'm assuming you have sleep disturbances. Everyone does.
Dawn Abriel: Any suicidal thoughts or hopelessness, you're not hearing or seeing things that don't belong there.
Nicole Bacon: Uh oh, I've always had that, but I know what's real and what's not.
Nicole Bacon: Last week I got really like I haven't felt suicidal for a while, but I felt it and it passed, and I don't feel that way anyway.
Nicole Bacon: But I'm starting to uncover some some trauma, so
Nicole Bacon: I'm letting my parents into this processes.
Nicole Bacon: Opened up the dialogue and I'm
Nicole Bacon: Going through some yeah figuring some stuff out with them. So, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Great, great. Well, let go and have your help you. She's an incredible family therapist.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, she's my favorite episode. I've ever had. Honestly,
Nicole Bacon: Like she actually gives me tools. I can use like I breakthroughs. Yeah. Yep. And I look forward to doing the family therapy because we've talked about that we haven't actually done it.
Dawn Abriel: I'll tell you know I shouldn't
Dawn Abriel: Let's do your vital signs, get your pulse, you know, to which your right hand on the left side of your neck.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, in front of the muscle. There's a muscle here go in front, very lightly feel. Oh.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, totally. Okay. Well, I'll tell you when to start counting
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Stop number 10
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
For
Dawn Abriel: Your current weight.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and let's do the little physical exam come in, pull your eyelid down and let me
Dawn Abriel: See your conjunctivitis.
Dawn Abriel: And you have to get a little closer.
Dawn Abriel: And your finger isn't close enough to the island. So I can't actually see under the island.
Nicole Bacon: Better
Dawn Abriel: For bring your head down.
Dawn Abriel: So you're doing this.
Dawn Abriel: And I need this.
Oh,
Dawn Abriel: That's it. Okay, that's good enough. Let go.
Dawn Abriel: All the way to the right with your eyes and laughed.
Dawn Abriel: And up and down.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Breathe out of either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: And stick your tongue out at me and move it side to side and and close your mouth bite down no job pain, your teeth fit normally
Nicole Bacon: They've moved around. But yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And let me see you put ear to shoulder both sides. She into shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Head back head forward. Good. Take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Press on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Dawn Abriel: No lumps or bumps or pain or things that don't belong in there. All right. Let's roll your sleeves up. Let me see where your inject most recent injection sites have been
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and
Dawn Abriel: Bring the camera or bring your legs up so I can see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Good one.
Dawn Abriel: To groovy. Now, let me see you pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see you tap your fingers to your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: THAT'S IT. OKAY, RELAX. All right.
Dawn Abriel: So we will
Dawn Abriel: Ordered your medicine will do the eight milligram tablets.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I will put in as much information. I'll just snow them with information.
Nicole Bacon: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Dawn Abriel: And do you smoke marijuana every day.
No.
Nicole Bacon: Sometimes with withdraws are usually a little bit of CBD.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: I also have my card, but
Nicole Bacon: I'm actually pretty I'm pretty sensitive for that I tell me you CBD.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I really recommend you know unless you're using it and you have to be using it know for end of life care for people who have multiple sclerosis. There are real legitimate reasons for it, but
Dawn Abriel: It makes it so you can't learn, you have no incentive to it works on a part of the brain that says
Nicole Bacon: Oh, nevermind. Don't do anything for Cheeto forever. I know I've, I've seen it.
Nicole Bacon: As I grew up, you know, like ask people doing bong hits sitting on the couch lazy super lazy and I don't like that laziness. I want to get out of that because that's what has made me feel like
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, well,
Dawn Abriel: That you can get over
Dawn Abriel: The THC takes quite a bit longer to get over and also
Dawn Abriel: You still
Nicole Bacon: too much for me and only
Dawn Abriel: Are you are you still using the clonazepam every night.
Nicole Bacon: I actually just ran out of those a couple days ago, so I need some more of those. I don't know if I could get this from you or I need to see my psychiatrist.
Dawn Abriel: You need to see your psychiatrist, because I, I, I would so much rather you were on a different kind of sleeping pill again benzodiazepines affect your hippocampus and it makes it much more difficult to incorporate new information now.
Nicole Bacon: Since
Dawn Abriel: You're not taking a lot. And I'm not you know that people who are on value three or four times a day. Of course, they
Dawn Abriel: Were lost to the world.
Nicole Bacon: Right, right.
Dawn Abriel: Taking a little bit at night to sleep but but
Dawn Abriel: There are other asleep medicines.
Dawn Abriel: And if any of them worked for you better or as good as
Dawn Abriel: Again, as a pan. My goodness, why not take those
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I know that that these are also a little crutch, and I've seen my friend get hooked on them and get seizures. So actually, a straight up melatonin that my dad's been given me. It's worth better
Dawn Abriel: Please take it, you'll be happier with yourself and congratulations on the on the sugar. It's one of those things that
Dawn Abriel: Has been underplayed for a long, long time. And we know we it's, you know, we can see it in microscopic studies that
Dawn Abriel: It causes inflammation.
Nicole Bacon: And we
Dawn Abriel: You know you're young, you're you've got some residual
Dawn Abriel: But you know you're looking at being in a pandemic right now opioids depress your immune system all by themselves. They depress it sugar depresses your immune system. So,
Dawn Abriel: Yes, it's like two things against you.
Nicole Bacon: So, and this again. But yeah, I just saw my little cousin. She's what four years old and she's like play with me. I'm like, I'm tired, she took a big chunk of sweet tea, she's like, Oh, we're ready. Here, have some we could go. I'm like, wow.
Nicole Bacon: She knows the
Nicole Bacon: Power of sugar.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so you're going to be in the Monday 1pm group going to order the medicine. I don't need to send you an email because you've got all those numbers right
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have. Well, I think I still need to order. Another thing of Narcan for you because you're be admitting
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You can pick that up and have it available.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any questions.
Nicole Bacon: I don't. Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Thanks for
Nicole Bacon: My dad's question.
Dawn Abriel: I am so glad you came back I am really in when when you started drifting away. I said to one of your
Dawn Abriel: I really hope she comes back to us. Most people do some people it takes two or three times coming back and then they really see how this is all about you.
Dawn Abriel: You helping yourself and letting us be a part of that.
Dawn Abriel: So congratulations you've done the hard part.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, the vulnerable and the the hiccup of where I think I'm fine. I'm just gonna work and not communicating not being truthful and I hate not telling the truth. I hate fibbing like it.
Dawn Abriel: It feels good, doesn't it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah it sucks. I have morals. So it really hurts me
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: We had, we had a lady last week.
Dawn Abriel: She was at 24 milligrams after three days, three years she's down to 1.75 milligrams
Nicole Bacon: Wow.
Dawn Abriel: Wow. And she went to the dentist.
Dawn Abriel: And then got a kidney stone went to the emergency department and both those doctors ordered her short acting opioids.
Dawn Abriel: And her
Dawn Abriel: adult brain said, well, the doctor ordered. It must be okay.
Dawn Abriel: And we noticed in group, she was saying, Well, I don't, I don't know why you asking me these questions and we were whoa what's going on.
Dawn Abriel: Shutting so I
Dawn Abriel: I ran a PM P, you know, to see what what narcotics were ordered for her. And when I confronted her, you know, she started crying. And she said, I, I feel so guilty. I have hated lying to you. I don't know why I did it. And it was this
Dawn Abriel: Sheet. Yeah, it's part of the disease. It's the disease. It's not that anyone's a bad person. It's what the nasty drug does to the brain and
Nicole Bacon: And it's mastering even like being aware of it like it's one thing when you're not aware and you're just going like subconsciously, but when you're aware of it and you're still doing it. It's like
Dawn Abriel: It's like you've got an enemy inside
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and that's why people like you and this other woman when when you come out the other side you will be such important advocates so important to the community of addiction to help people who are going through what you're going through now make sense of this.
Dawn Abriel: Right. You know, I try one of your tries, but neither one of us had addictions. So all we can do is talk, theoretically, you will be able to zero in on exactly what they're going through.
Nicole Bacon: So, yeah. Yes, definitely.
Dawn Abriel: I look forward to that time.
Dawn Abriel: Between. Okay, I've got a 10 o'clock I added, get your medicine ordered
Dawn Abriel: And we'll see you Monday.
Nicole Bacon: Okay. Thank you. Bye.
Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: If you will generate a team meeting chart for going a year.
Dawn Abriel: And then complete the history and physical for me.
Dawn Abriel: It was at least in our
Dawn Abriel: I should probably check. I know I'm in a hurry back
Dawn Abriel: Go back to the chart.
Dawn Abriel: If you'll put severe opioid use disorder patient is re engaging with program, and for the first half an hour was present with the Father with a documented release of information to discuss patients particulars and under
Dawn Abriel: The
Dawn Abriel: History of present illness. If you put
Dawn Abriel: The conversation with Mr bacon.
Dawn Abriel: So we can. I mean, he repeated himself a lot. So just summarize what what he was all about.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: I'm a physical exam. We need to include
Dawn Abriel: Multiple tattoos and multiple facial excoriation noted
Dawn Abriel: Her
Dawn Abriel: Mood and asset were label and her insight and self reflection were appropriate to the encounter.
Dawn Abriel: And I ordered the medicine. Okay. That should do it.